Now with our pipes being added and parameterized, it's also important to know that you can combine pipes
in Angular.
So far, we only use pipes on their own, so we added the date pipe to our server started output here
and we added the uppercase pipe to the instance type.
Now what if we wanted to yes, format the date like this
but then for some reason, also make it all uppercase?
Now you can simply chain pipes by adding a pipe symbol after a pipe, so we could add uppercase here.
Now the order might be important,
generally it will be parsed from left to right.
So server started gets into this pipe here,
so the date pipe gets applied to our server started property output here, to the string interpolation.
The uppercase pipe then gets applied to the result of this operation
and I can show this if I save it like this,
you see that the date indeed is uppercase.
Now if I switch positions here and put the uppercase pipe first and then parse the date, you see we get
an error
and if we open up the console and view this error, you see that this argument here is not correct
for the uppercase pipe,
it doesn't know how to parse it because it is a date and not a string
and there are elements which can't be turned into uppercase.
So this is why it's important to watch the order,
you should apply the pipes in the order you want to transform your input. So transforming the date into
something which can be parsed first is absolutely fine
and as you will see, will work correctly, you see it here but the other way around wouldn't work in this
example.
So again always keep this order in mind, from left to right,
this is how it gets executed and how pipes get applied. With that out of the way,
let's create our own pipe in case there is some functionality we need which is not available in one
of the built-in pipes.